Add support to fetch SenderInformation (#213)
digipost/digipost-api-client-dotnet: docs/_v14_0/2_send_messages.md

```

This can be useful if you use fallback to print, print-if-unread, request for registration etc. 

### Get Sender by organisation number and a part id and send a message

In very specific usecases where a broker organisation has multiple sub-organisations in Digipost
it is possible to send with organisation number and a partid. The partid can be used to distinguish 

> between different divisions or how ever the organisation see fit. This makes it possible 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between different divisions or however the organisation sees fit. This makes it possible 
```
